each school will be present in several municipalities, especially in the
population doing a prevention work
in the vicinity of the colleges
with an approach to people strange to the school and in the interior too
belonged, I tried to guide the population so that people who
have nothing to do with the college that does not remain in the vicinity that will be
addressed and if it is located with a little something list it will be forwarded but
about the cabins
with this work in sirte are before their shells to colleagues who do not
have where to study
this is one of the problem henchmen faces in the quarterfinals college
He is not just spiders
It's good to be able to say that all cities are ne
people often many
really go to get the goal
your loved ones or your liars successor but the vast majority are people
that freshness remains and requires worship in the
we may note that the work of the guard who also
is that they are inside the classrooms
the explosions occurred here of drugs also to have weapons removed from defense
deôla along with the column
is exactly the opposite external action sea
Let's see it in removing a firearm comes from the classroom.
has a situation of wood in samu already doing a work investigates are
on the twelve day civilian drug issue that happens within the date of the problem
muscular
with the advantage of having the cost of each school patrol
is the index
situations within classrooms and also a question of students at the request of the
teacher
and next to the priest father miguel in the sea
a joke right?
according to pm is still not the
the ideal
but we are not working to insinuate ever more inclusive people
also has support for the water going from the main queiroz
of the third policing company ii in situations of
of the city's personal support has supported us.
the side was as if we spoke
people who do not study are not in the new study area, I am not going to
masked college
some relative
that is not close to 4ºc paulo and also the school patrol of the
ada military police
to discuss the recent negotiation and will be forwarded the procedures
for sure
ratifying the situation is people who did not belong to the takeoff who
Neither proposals sometimes meant mind.
is related or situations that are going to be addressed and if you have something
and this is sure to be forwarded but before the
good who needs school patrol can take a walk normally
kiara central copom pass on strength to you
It is exactly the rot and mobizero
if need be within the school
the directors they had a number
After the actress says that on her cell phone
then get in touch with the water with the direction the haiti pedagogical them
have a number 9 have gone directly to us too
good to finish the school patrol was working next to the students
people who collaborated to compete
all against those people who go to college with certainty
our goal is to maintain
the order that students who really have an interest in studying in learning have
the tranquility for what?
As a college, as Emilio de Menezes Marquez
those people who stay there project lied and teenagers
they are using drugs
we woke up for the police to enter as it happened it is knocking on right
the pt we are and redoing a worker's identification
people
deborah that with or without the database also of the 3rd company so that there is
if there is any unforeseen event as there were six days there an aggression in front of
a certain colleague who was points to make it easier
identification of these elements and
is the consequent mind and she punishment due beds